(upbeat motivating music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time for a Challenge exercise,
and this one's going to be kind of fun
because this is actually an interview question
that I see asked a lot, especially for newer developers.
You're going to be asked to implement a FizzBuzz
using a command liner runner.
Now FizzBuzz, again,
is one of those common interview questions,
but I'm going to explain to you the rules.
So, again, you'll use a CommandLineRunner interface
to implement this.
You are going to print all numbers between one and 100.
So start with one, the last number printed should be 100.
If the number is divisible by three, print Fizz
instead of the number.
If the number is divisible by five, print Buzz
Now, if the number is divisible by both, say 15,
then you print FizzBuzz.
And I've got a great solution for this,
but I want to see yours first, so dig in.